The minutes of the meeting with your TA every week will be recorded in a file here. You will be updating the same file every week with the latest updates. Points to include in the minutes would be:
1. Decisions made
2. Alternative actions/options discussed
3. Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities

3/22/24 4-4:15 Meeting Minutes - Nikhil did not show up for meeting, so we sent an email.
All work is assigned as an issue in GitHub.
Once the assigned basic skeleton is built, if this is not sufficient work for the week, we can additionally start implementing more of the backend elements such as the user database.

4/1/24 12-12:15 Meeting Minutes
BEFORE TODAY:
    Met to discuss and set up Lab 9 Sheet since we had the Snow Day
    Made Kanban board and set up tickets for the upcoming weeks on first in person lab meeting
Working on individual tickets to set up basic UI and session management before moving on to API
Using Handlebars for templating
User stories look good for now - come up with difficulties
Choose an appropriate API, don't want to run into problems like limited API requests.
Other useful APIs: 
Since there's no money, we can use a manual settlement feature
  Mock payment API? needs to just show that it's settled.
  Stripe API - might be free
  Paysimple
  https://www.g2.com/categories/payment-gateways/free

4/8/24 12:30-12:45 Meeting Minutes
DUring thursday Lab we went over the week's work, divied up this work which is mostly API stuff:
Also discussed UI and application problems
Session management and database is the primary goal for this week
Testing is in progress, we are meeting tomorrow to get the lab finished.
Expecting no major changes in design
Nikhil would like to review features what can be expected:
Friends database, user database
Groups - of friends where you can split the bill
Making group payment tracking history - as well as payment tracking
By thursday: major improvement in terms of code in the repository, we only have 1 MORE WEEK TO GO; next week is last meeting before presentation
We want 80-85% of code done by next week!

4/15/2024 12:30-12:45 Meeting
Recheduled Meeting Since we had poor attendance. 4:15pm Friday.

4/19/2024 4:15-4:30 Meeting Minutes
Login page looks great!
Home page looks good

For final week:
- CSS
- Verification for payments
- Friend profiles
- Finish add friend
- Payment window through group and friends pages
- Finish on Monday!

For project:
- Record video of all functionality (AS A BACKUP)
- Thursday we will do live demo!!
